Adding notes on how to trigger windows PR jobs (#252)
kubernetes-sigs/windows-testing: README.md

The rest of this page has a summary of those steps tailored for testing clusters that have Windows nodes.

## Running Windows E2E tests against your kubernetes/kubernetes PR

To manually trigger Windows E2E tests to run against your PR add the following as comments on your PR:

```
/test pull-kubernetes-e2e-aks-engine-azure-windows
/test pull-kubernetes-e2e-aks-engine-windows-containerd
```

> A full list of Windows PR jobs found at https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows/sig-windows-config.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full list of Windows PR jobs can be found at https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/master/config/jobs/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows/sig-windows-config.jobs
```

Reviewer: Super nit but other than that lgtm

Author: I think your suggestion breaks the link. I'll add in the missing 'can be' tho :)

Reviewer: serves me right for doing it on my phone 😂
